Rearrange docs to de-emphasize using AWS static credentials (#8308)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/index.html.markdown

## Example Usage

> ```hcl

Reviewer: I believe this Terraform configuration for the provider is important here in some form, to show even a basic example of how it is done for newer practitioners.

I would suggest leaving a simple configuration without the credentials, such as the below:

```hcl
# Configure the AWS Provider
provider "aws" {
  region = "us-east-1"
}
```

Reviewer 2: Mm, probably good to put a version constraint there too.

Author: Fixed in 71195a8d3619e13ec17a0059ed6714b7df852a0a with a version constraint.

# Create a web server
resource "aws_instance" "web" {

>   ami           = "ami-2757f631"

Reviewer: I would discourage hardcoding an AMI ID configuration that can/will become out of date or be potentially incorrect for environments (`ubuntu/images/hvm-ssd/ubuntu-xenial-16.04-amd64-server-20170307` in `us-east-1`). We may want to consider choosing another resource if we are trying to show a more valid configuration such as:

```hcl
resource "aws_vpc" "example" {
  cidr_block = "10.0.0.0/16"
}
```

Author: Fixed in c89ce9076

authentication. The following methods are supported, in this order, and
explained below:

> 

Reviewer: Whether we recommend their usage or not, this authentication method list is ordered. We need to keep static credentials at the top as they take priority over all others.

You mention in your pull request comment that the goal is to encourage other methods so I believe rather than changing what is here we should just follow through by adding those recommendations in that documentation section (e.g. using `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` environment variables instead).

Author: Static credential section has been moved to top as suggested. Fixed in 945b612

}
```

### Static credentials ###

> !> WARNING: Hard-coding credentials into any Terraform file is not recommended and risks secret leakage should this file ever be committed to a public source code control system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
!> **Warning:** Hard-coding credentials into any Terraform configuration is not recommended, and risks secret leakage should this file ever be committed to a public version control system.
```

Author: Fixed in 2b2bcd156
